docs: add note on ephemeral storage (#106)
foundation-model-stack/fms-hf-tuning: build/README.md

    configMap:
        name: sft-trainer-config
```

> The above kube resource values are not hard-defined. However, they are useful when running a LLaMa-13b model. If ephemeral storage is not defined, you will likely hit into error `The node was low on resource: ephemeral-storage. Container was using 1498072868Ki, which exceeds its request of 0.` where the pod runs low on storage while tuning the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above kube resource values are not hard-defined. However, they are useful when running some models (such as LLaMa-13b model). If ephemeral storage is not defined, you will likely hit into error `The node was low on resource: ephemeral-storage. Container was using 1498072868Ki, which exceeds its request of 0.` where the pod runs low on storage while tuning the model.
```
